[macOS] Upgrade to wxWidgets 3.2.10 (#1772)
pwsafe/pwsafe: README.MAC.DEVELOPERS.md

Reviewer: Nit: this is now mentioned above as a common requirement

### Which Version of wxWidgets?
Pwsafe code for macOS is no longer compatible with versions of wxWidgets older than 3.2.1.
There are a number of issues with version 3.0.5. For example, see
[https://github.com/wxWidgets/wxWidgets/issues/19005](https://github.com/wxWidgets/wxWidgets/issues/19005).
There are also Mac specific bugs in 3.2.1, 3.2.2.1 and 3.2.9.

> **wxWidgets 3.2.10 is recommend.  3.2.4 and 3.2.8 are also known to work well.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**wxWidgets 3.2.10 is recommended.  3.2.4 and 3.2.8 are also known to work well.**
```

### International users

> When changing the language from English to another language you might encounter problems with onStateImgage (mark indicating the selected menu item) or chevon ">>" extending the tool bar in case space is not sufficient. This is a problem in Apples SVG library, see [https://github.com/wxWidgets/wxWidgets/issues/19023](https://github.com/wxWidgets/wxWidgets/issues/19023). setlocale(LC_NUMERIC, ...) must be left as "C" or one of the languages using a dot as decimal point. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When changing the language from English to another language you might encounter problems with onStateImgage (mark indicating the selected menu item) or chevron ">>" extending the tool bar in case space is not sufficient. This is a problem in Apple's SVG library, see [https://github.com/wxWidgets/wxWidgets/issues/19023](https://github.com/wxWidgets/wxWidgets/issues/19023). setlocale(LC_NUMERIC, ...) must be left as "C" or one of the languages using a dot as decimal point. 
```
